>> Hey, Brian.
>> Hey.
>> Hello, everyone. Are you ready to kick this thing off?
>> I am. I'm excited.
>> I am too. Very, very good.
So yeah, everyone watching the live stream or the replay of the live stream,
thanks for being here. With that, let's get going.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 390, recorded July 2nd, 2024.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
>> I'm Brian Okken.
>> This episode is brought to you by Scout APM.
Thank you so much to them for supporting the show.
We really appreciate them.
If you want to attend live,
get your comments in the episode,
then check out pythonbytes.fm/live,
usually Tuesday at 10 AM Pacific Time,
like we're recording right now, Brian.
Please visit pythonbytes.fm, right on the homepage,
click on "Newsletter", subscribe to our newsletter.
We've got lots of interesting information that we share with you.
We're going to be doing some kind of giveaway that we have yet to determine,
and soon when we reach maybe a major milestone there.
So that'll be awesome.
>> Yeah. It'll be great.
>> Yeah. With that, Brian, you want to kick us off?
>> Sure. Well, let's talk about strings for a minute.
This one is from an article written by Veronica Olson.
It's an article called Joining Strings in Python,
A-ha Moment.
I actually just really enjoyed this story because it tricked me up.
She says, "I've been writing Python code for 17 years,
and I learned something new recently from a Mastodon conversation.
What is the new thing?"
The idea is around joining strings.
Let's say you're like,
and I do this all the time.
You've got some input from a file,
and her example is,
you've got some input from a file,
and you're going through and just using the regenerator thing.
So F equals open,
and you get this thing that you can read with.
She's taking X for X,
or I usually put line for line in F,
and then also doing some logic on it within a generator,
which is cool.
Once I learned this, I use it all the time.
You go through using the file as a generator to pull out lines,
and then only collect the lines that you care about,
and then joining it in at the end.
This discussion really is,
when you've got a whole bunch of
line strings that you want to
concatenate together with new lines or something,
is you just create a list of them and then join it.
But if you're using a generator,
you can use a generator and pass that to join also.
So the little trick here is
whether or not you should use a list comprehension.
So these two methods is you're joining a generator out of
the file or you use a list comprehension within it.
The only difference is these little brackets in
there to create a list comprehension.
My first reaction is that it really probably doesn't matter,
but the list comprehension might be,
I have no idea which one's slower or faster.
But the odd thing is-
>> If it's a huge text file, Brian,
if it's a huge text file,
it could be a memory.
If you had a gig of text,
then you potentially would be loading more than that in memory,
with the brackets but not with the parentheses.
>> That's what I thought.
So she used a sample file
like the King James Version of the Bible or something.
Which is 800,000 words long and a ballpark of 3,000 pages.
Anyway, 200 million words.
So did a little timing here as to whether or
not you want to use a generator or list comprehension for this.
Looking at the memory output,
so that the memory itself is as expected.
The generator uses less memory.
The list comprehension gradually
grows and you're using more memory.
So far, it seems like it's doing what we think it might be doing.
But the weird bit is when we go down and actually time this stuff,
is that the generator version,
and if you compare the times for the generator and the list comprehension,
the generator one is slower by 16 percent.
Weird, why?
>> That is weird, especially since the list has to,
you allocate the list, you fill the list,
you reallocate the list,
you copy it over, growing the list over and over and over.
Although as a list comprehension,
maybe it doesn't, I don't know.
Anyway, that's crazy.
>> Then adding more mystery to the mystery,
is that instead of join,
if you use all as the thing that
you're using across the entire list or generator,
it's behaving as expected.
The generator is faster than the comprehension.
So what's going on? So the discussion went online and
Trey Hunter said you should know something about join.
Join is weird in that the CPython implementation of join is
a two-pass because generators,
they get exhausted and you can't use them again.
So it has some little tricks that it
uses to do a two-pass over the generator.
So therefore, it is the same.
The join is the same as creating a list.
We know that comprehensions are a little bit
better than actually just creating a list.
So that little bit better is the reason
why the comprehension version is faster.
Well, wait, I have no idea why.
I should have read more closely.
But there's something about this that makes it faster
in when you're using joins
to go ahead and use a comprehension faster.
>> Interesting.
>> Weird. It's only in CPython.
Apparently, that's not true for PyPy.
Yeah, apparently, I don't know how they're doing it without it.
But PyPy and some others implementations of Python do not use this.
>> Interesting. Yeah, I don't see it tested here,
but the WebAssembly one would be quite interesting.
>> Right, for Pyodide and PyScript and those kinds of things?
Definitely.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So interesting inside baseball around,
I guess, if you want to do memory,
whether you care about speed or memory efficiency.
>> It's weird that you got to choose though.
>> It is weird that you have to choose.
But also, just in case you haven't seen this,
this is basically the standard format
for if you want to iterate through strings and combine them all into one,
is to either throw them in a list or throw them in a comprehension,
or throw them in generator and use join to combine them with a new line.
If you haven't seen that before,
that's a good thing to stick in your tool belt.
>> Our Windows friends can put backslash R,
backslash N, join for their Windows line.
>> I'm on Windows, I don't do that.
>> I know. It should still work.
>> All right. Well, what do you have for us next?
>> Well, I'm afraid I have some hard truths for you, Brian.
Just like you've learned,
it's a hard truth that generator
doesn't always give you the advantages you thought.
These are 10 hard truths to swallow that people won't
tell you about your brand new software engineering jobs.
So this is focused at students who just recently
graduated or who are getting into software development.
That might sound like a somewhat niche crowd,
but if you look at the PSF JetBrains survey,
it's like the biggest group of people are like,
"Well, you've been coding for three years or less," which is crazy.
All right. Anyway, let's go through the 10.
This is by Minsur Durevic.
Pretty good. A pretty good article here.
Basically, since I was talking with a bunch of students and they were all psyched
about startup culture, pizza parties and stuff.
Well, yes, but the thing you're going to do most of the time,
you're going to be writing code.
So here are the 10.
First, college will not prepare you for the job.
Just imagine you go to college to learn how to swim.
Your instructor spends a ton of time teaching you about the moves,
reciting the moves, asking you questions about the moves.
After five years, you get a piece of paper that proves
your swimming skills and then you got to go in the pool and you just flail around.
A little bit like that. Also, a lot of
the curriculums are pretty far behind.
I remember when I was in college,
I said, "Can I please take C++?"
It's in the '90s. They're like, "No,
you have to take Fortran.
It's the most important language you'll ever learn."
I'm like, "Okay."
Then I'm like, "Well, let me try some CS classes."
Like, "Well, you got to do Lisp."
Like, "Really? Can I please take something more modern?"
Like, "No."
You should embrace the Lisp.
Yeah. I'm still not embracing the Lisp.
I like parentheses, but not that much.
Okay.
Anyway, so it's like a lot of these folks who are professors
have not been professional software developers in the engineering sense.
So, the skills that they teach you are valuable,
but it's not the same as working day to day.
This one, I think, is probably,
people probably don't realize that much,
is you rarely get to work on greenfield projects.
You get brownfield projects.
That is, you get some project that is not a three-week project,
but it's something that's been around since 2003,
and you're dropped in to work on some features.
Every time you poke it, it's like a rickety house of cards.
You got to be super careful.
How does that fit with your understanding?
Yeah, definitely true.
That's one of the reasons why I encourage people to do open...
contribute to open source projects, even in large ones,
because you have to get used to huge code bases.
You have to get used to getting thrown in the deep end and fix a bug,
and you don't even know what the code does.
Yeah, this is essential.
Speaking of which, there's a fantastic picture for this.
Let me try to zoom that out for a second so we can see.
Here, Brian.
Check this link out, folks.
It's like this crazy Rube Goldbergian thing.
There's a button to start the app,
and it's got all these weird wires,
and there's an elephant that's suspended,
and the wire cuts the elephant loose,
which drops off a rock, and there's a security layer.
There's the core logic since 2003.
There's all these third-party bits that are largely controlled by aliens.
And then there's a cloud, and below the cloud,
you can see just the base of the building.
There's two new engineers with a little button
that's supposed to kick this thing off or something.
It says, "How hard can it be?"
Come on.
Yeah.
Amazing.
So check that out.
All right.
Coming back.
Nobody gives a blankety-blank about your clean code.
You may focus on it a lot,
but really your job is to deliver features.
You're expected to write clean code,
but you're not going to get promotions and stuff
from the business people because you write clean code.
It's because you deliver value, right?
Although part of that value is clean code.
That's true, but you've got to maintain it too.
Yes, you've got to live with it.
So here's my experience.
Not how do you lie, but how do you phrase things like estimates and stuff
so that you're in a position so you don't have to write terrible code constantly?
So for example, with testing or a little bit of refactoring,
I would just work that into my estimates.
How long is it going to take?
It's going to take a week.
Well, it probably takes three and a half days,
if you were to bust it out, right?
But if you're going to put in the tests and do it right,
it'll take a week.
So how long does it take?
It takes a week.
That kind of thing.
Sometimes you'll work with incompetent people.
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy.
Yes.
Sometimes that person will be your boss.
That's even tougher.
I'll tell you a story, Brian.
I used to do in-person training classes,
and there was a person who was in this class as part of a team,
software development team from a medium-sized company,
one of these 50 million yearly revenue-type companies or something.
And during that class, we were doing exercises.
I'd do a presentation for an hour.
They'd spend maybe half an hour working on something,
and round and round it goes.
So there's this part where you need a variable that has a string value.
This person has been working for at least six months, I think a lot longer,
as a professional software developer in this language.
And I say, "Okay, you've got to create a variable there,
and you need to assign a string to it that says, you know, xyz.
The value of the string is xyz."
So they just write variable name equals xyz with spaces and all sorts of stuff.
Like, "No, you can't just type it into the editor.
You have to put quotes around it."
"What do you mean?"
"You have to put quotes around this."
How have you been a professional software developer at a proper company
for over six months to a year and not know that sentences with spaces,
you have to have quotes around them to put them into code as a piece of text?
Could you imagine that person reviewing your code?
Like, "Oh, my goodness, dude."
No, that was a rough one.
Anyway, sometimes, maybe not to that extreme,
but you will probably end up working with ineffective people,
or people that don't care about your process,
or people that don't care about your clean code, or whatever, right?
All that stuff's there.
Number five, get used to being in meetings for hours.
This is an important part of software development job.
Most meetings are not productive because you're being forced to be there
by a person whose only job is to have meetings.
That's their job. That's their work.
However, other meetings with your team members and stuff,
planning out code and whatnot is pretty good.
Yeah, if you're the one responsible for the meeting,
be okay with cutting it short.
Getting everybody together and leaving in 10 minutes is fine.
Remember that.
100%.
I feel like you should have done this article.
No, I'll be the heckler in the background.
They will ask you for estimates a lot of times.
I told you about this one. I mentioned this. This is fun.
Here's a great cartoon for this one, too.
This is also good, basically the joke segment.
It says, "Would you rather?"
For better estimates, we switched from measuring story points
to a different style.
We now ask, "How many duck-sized horses are you willing to fight
rather than implement this task?"
Isn't that awesome?
Yeah.
It sounds silly, but I kind of think of it as it's actually kind of practical.
It's using your desire to avoid negative stimuli
more than your ability to predict something.
I love it.
That one was only a two duck-sized horse battle.
All right.
Bugs will be your archenemy for life because they come from different places.
It could be your own code, but it could be third-party libraries.
It could be hardware failure, electricity, all sorts of things.
Uncertainty will be your toxic friend.
It could be implementing something you never worked on.
It could be getting transferred to a new project with new technologies.
It could be a move to a new company.
It could be a bug report the day you need to finish the work.
It could be going to break the deadline.
Job security, evolution technology, all these things totally resonate.
Number nine, it will be almost impossible to disconnect from your job.
Yeah, that's rough.
But it's true because you're thinking about it, right?
Yeah.
A lot of these come with actually good advice on what to do to combat it
or to counteract it or to deal with it.
Oh, that's good.
One of the best things I ever did was not--
I don't have the ability to get email on my phone now, my work email.
Oh, that's nice.
Because I was checking it all the time, even when I was off work, and that was bad.
Yeah, that's bad.
Last one, number 10, you will profit more from your soft skills than your coding skills.
Not that your coding skills aren't important, but--
Yeah, definitely.
--they're important stuff, and they're also required.
Things like teamwork, learning mindset, time management, emotional intelligence and empathy,
approachability, persistence, confidence, all these things amongst a whole zillion others.
Anyway, if you're new, I think this is a pretty good article.
I didn't go through all the little details, but these 10 concepts.
I don't know, what do you think, Brian?
I think the soft skills probably would have been at the top.
Being able to communicate well and stay positive and don't be a jerk is huge.
The ability to not be a jerk under pressure, that was a struggle for me.
Also, embracing deadlines.
People are going to ask you how long it's going to take.
You just have to learn how to do that.
Estimating is part of the job.
It sucks. It's wrong, but you get better at it, and you're also okay about telling it.
It can be ballparks. Is it going to be two days, or is it going to be two months?
Pick. People just need to know.
Yeah, absolutely.
That's good.
All right, before we move on to the next one, let's talk about a new sponsor that I'm very excited about.
This episode is brought to you by Code Comments, an original podcast from Red Hat.
You know when you're working on a project and you leave behind a small comment in the code?
Maybe you're hoping to help others learn what isn't clear at first.
Sometimes that code comment tells a story of a challenging journey to the current state of the project.
Code Comments, the podcast, features technologists who've been through tough tech transitions,
and they share how their teams survived that journey.
The host, Jamie Parker, is a Red Hatter and an experienced engineer.
In each episode, Jamie recounts the stories of technologists from across the industry
who've been on a journey implementing new technologies.
I recently listened to an episode about DevOps from the folks at Worldwide Technology.
The hardest challenge turned out to be getting buy-in on the new tech stack
rather than using that tech stack directly.
It's a message that we can all relate to, and I'm sure you can take some hard-won lessons back to your own team.
Give Code Comments a listen.
Search for Code Comments in your podcast player or just use our link, pythonbytes.fm/code-comments.
The link is in your podcast player's show notes.
Thank you to Code Comments for supporting the show.
Cool.
Yes, thank you indeed. Over to you, Ryan.
Well, we've talked in the past about Python coming to Excel, but I haven't tried it.
So I was kind of curious about this person that wrote up an article called "My Thoughts on Python in Excel."
And this isn't just a rando person.
Apparently, this is—let's see, or maybe, I don't know.
They wrote a book on Python in Excel or reported—
Were they the creator of Excel Wings, maybe? I'm not sure.
Oh, yeah. As a creator of Excel Wings, the author of the O'Reilly book "Python for Excel," I was obviously curious to try it.
So, anyway.
Yeah, okay. Anyway, so somebody tried it out. Great.
And this is from the Excel Wings blog, so yeah, it's probably somebody that's worthwhile looking at this and tried—actually really wanted it to work.
So what are their takeaways?
And I'm just kind of loving this.
We'll just run through them.
Wanted it to be an alternative to VBA, but mostly got an alternative to the Excel formula language.
Okay, so I thought it was going to be a VBA replacement as well.
Apparently not.
Integrating the Jupyter notebook cells inside Excel Grid was a mistake, so not sure what they did there, but apparently they didn't like that.
So, "Python in Excel is not suitable for Python beginners, nor for interactive data analysis."
That's kind of—that's a bummer.
So there's that one person left.
Yeah.
"Right now there are too many restrictions. You can't use your own packages, you can't connect to the web APIs."
"So what are the current use cases?"
Probably computationally intensive things like Monte Carlo simulations.
AI stuff via the included packages like scikit-learn, NLTK, StatsModel, and BalanceLearn.
Actually, that makes sense.
So that's a good use case, I guess, for being able to use AI scikit-learn stuff in Excel. Nice.
Being able to use Matplotlib and Seaborn for visualizations.
That's pretty cool because these are great packages.
Time series analysis.
But that's really about it. "Not sure about data cleaning or data analysis since you're mostly—almost certainly need Power Query."
I don't know what this is. Must be an Excel thing.
It's like a BI Microsoft Office Tableau type of thing, I believe.
Okay.
So, what's the conclusion here?
"Before we dive into details, I want to clarify that this is my personal opinion and not meant to be a rant or critique, but I'm amused by it."
"I've been in contact with the Excel team a few times, and they're super friendly."
Okay, so he wants the whole thing to succeed. So we'll just—that's good.
So these are just interesting takeaways.
One of the things—and then goes through a bunch of the little bits in more detail.
The part that wasn't in the summary, which I find is interesting, is Python is not really in Excel.
It's in the cloud, which I'm surprised by.
It says, as you've probably heard, but I hadn't, that the Python that you're running runs in an Azure container instance, not inside Excel.
This is kind of weird, I think.
Did you know this?
Yeah, I did, and it's interesting. It means that you can't configure the environment, you can't control which Python is running,
you can't install third-party packages that are not pre-approved, like you saw that there was a list of a couple of ML ones.
If you don't like those, then you don't use it.
Well, can you do it when your laptop's disconnected, like when you're on an airplane or something?
No, I don't think so.
Okay.
To me, I was hoping for some kind of VBA, like true automation that's sort of beyond the cell, this cell, that cell.
But kind of what you do with notebooks, and then sometimes you bring in Excel writer or something to actually save the stuff out or something.
A little way to orchestrate bigger.
Okay.
But yeah, that also, it's just different.
It's just stuff within a cell?
Well, multiple cells, but yes.
Okay. Well, it's not really what I was hoping for, for Python and Excel.
It's also not quite in it, right?
Say that again?
It's not quite in it. As I said, it's in the cloud.
Yeah.
It is weird that it's got to be online only.
Yeah, that's kind of a deal breaker for me, but maybe I shouldn't care that much, but anyway.
But one of the comments around that was that it's not really a problem for a lot of people because a lot of people that are using Excel are already sharing their data through OneDrive and SharePoint.
And I don't know if that's, maybe that's a majority of corporations, but there's a lot of corporations like the one I'm in where we cannot do that because we don't want our stuff to go out anywhere.
So anyway.
Yep.
So just an interesting takeaway of, I guess if you've been hoping and thinking, this might be a good article to peruse just to make sure that it's really your use case before you jump in.
Yeah, good point.
Christopher out there says, "It's nice that it doesn't require Python to be installed locally, unlike Power BI, because I wouldn't be able to have my IT department install it."
So that's an interesting bonus there.
Navara says, "You gotta fight for your right to sudo."
There you go.
Can't you, I mean Python now, can't you install it on Windows machines? I think you can install it in like personal mode that's just in your home directory or something.
Yeah.
I don't think you need like administrator privileges anymore.
Yeah, that's true with, it's actually true with Python in the Windows Store on Windows 10 and 11.
Yeah.
Henry Schreiner out there, I didn't say Henry, says, "This feels like the perfect use case for WASM. Sad it wasn't the default." Totally agree. Some Pyodite here would have been awesome.
Yeah. All right.
That was awesome. The next thing I'm about to tell you though, Brian.
Okay, what's the next thing?
This special live event course that I'm running.
All right. Cool.
So this is happening in October and I'm doing a Code in a Castle event in Tuscany.
Wow.
So this is a six day luxurious, a course in a luxurious Tuscan villa. And every morning we're going to wake up and we're going to spend four hours working on Python. And then the rest of the day is excursions and winery tours and other stuff around the Italian countryside.
This looks like fun.
Sounds awesome, huh?
Yeah.
So the course is going to be super fun. The course is, I called it Python Zero to Hero, but you don't have to actually be zero. You got to just, there's probably some areas of this that you haven't had any experience with.
So basically it takes you from maybe learning Python, maybe I know Python, but then talks about async and await, MongoDB, talks about we cover FastAPI using HTMX. We'll be back to that in just a second.
And building out awesome web apps and web APIs and then performance testing this and then deploying it to Linux. If we got time, maybe using Docker as well. So yeah, that's what the plan is and it's going to be awesome.
So if you're interested in being part of this, click the link in your player show notes and show notes there. I think I'll have a Talk Python link. So talkpython.fm/castle is the link.
And everyone, when they come, they get a room in the villa and the room has up to two beds. So if you wanted to bring your wife or a good friend, there's actually a separate set of events for the people who are not in the course but who are attending the event as a companion or something. So there's morning excursions as well.
Yeah, I was reading up on that and it sounds really pretty like some good quotes from people from last year enjoying the plus ones, having fun in the mornings.
Yeah, awesome. Maybe I'll just say the morning track. No, I'm just kidding. So I forgot to mention, this is an extra, extra, extra. So this is number one of the extra, okay?
Okay, more.
Okay, more. So first one, Code in a Castle, learn Python, FastAPI, deployment, load testing, all that stuff. Hopefully you can be there.
Number two, I have this awesome use case for HTMX that is so incredibly clean that I just want to give people a feel for it. So Brian, if you go to Talk Python, click on the courses, including your course here, you can see it has a price that's $59.
But if you're European, it would have a price in euros. If you were in India, you would have a price in something else. So in order to pull all that information in, this was usually fast, but periodically we'd have to hit our credit card processor for places that are less common.
I tried to pre-compute all this, but it's combinatorially out of control. So if you're from a certain part of Greece where there's a certain tax that's different than another part of Greece, all of that factors into what shows up on this page.
So I just showed them without prices. I'm like, "Well, what if I could reload, show the page, and then re-compute the page with prices, and if it takes 10 seconds for 50 API calls to the credit card processor, so be it."
Maybe you'll see it, maybe you won't. But if it's already seen that and it's saved in the database, we'll just show it to you, basically, really, really quick. So watch this. If I refresh it, you can see that it flickers for a second, and then the prices come back.
All of that is in HTMX, and if you look at the implementation of it, three lines for that entire client-side implementation of show the page without prices instantly, start a computation to figure them all out, get the answer, and then rebuild the page out of that.
So just div hx get some URL, hx trigger load, render partial. This is the implementation that both shows it on the first load without prices and then refreshes it and loads it with prices. Those three lines, and one of them is a /div.
Well, that's pretty cool.
Is that insane?
Yeah.
So yeah, HTMX for the win.
Nice use.
Encourage more people to use that. It lets you do more Python and less JavaScript, right? Because most implementations on the server, which is where it's all Python.
Yeah, and one of those three lines is just the closing of the div. So it's really like two lines of code.
It's really like two lines. It's incredible.
Yeah.
All right. Another one, something I've been recently using, and some people will be like, "Michael, where have you been all this time? Why have you not done this?" I'll put this out to you as my test candidate.
Did you know that if you find yourself sitting down to the terminal, SSH into a server, running the command, and then leaving often, even if that has text output and all sorts of responses, color text output, like rich or whatever, you can just run that on your machine using SSH to execute a command remotely.
Is this news to you?
No.
So you say SSH, for people who don't know, you say SSH user at host, and then in quotes, some command.
So if you want to say tail your log and see what's happening on your server, instead of logging into the server over SSH and tailing it, you could just create an alias that says SSH user at host, do the tail log thing, and you just type it locally and just boom, you're tailing log.
Beautiful.
And if you want to run multiple commands, just separate them by semicolons, create a little alias for that bad boy, and off you go.
Yeah, nice.
So anyway, that's one of my extras.
I use it for, so the reboot is built in, but we have an extra command that we do for restarting the, we have an application that we often have to restart.
So doing a single command to SSH and run the restart to restart all the software, do that a lot.
Yep. Alright, I told you it's extra, extra, extra. There's still more extras, okay?
Okay.
Alright.
We got time.
Yeah.
So these are short.
So polyfill.io is a CDN, I believe, for JavaScript.
Polyfill is if a browser doesn't support a feature, but you can implement it in JavaScript on top of the features that are there.
You can include a script that's a polyfill, like add features to an old one, an old browser.
So apparently, according to Bleeping Computer, this thing has been impacted by a supply chain attack where a Chinese company acquired the domain,
and then the script was modified to redirect users to malicious and scam sites.
And everyone who had that in their web app, 100,000 different websites.
The CDN got a new version of the script for you.
Oh, geez.
Which means it's time for required reading from Wesley Apdicker-Castles, "Reasons to Avoid CDNs in JavaScript."
I'll do my highlighted one here.
Look, systemic risk.
It says, "One of the CDNs out there supports 12.5% of all websites."
If that goes down, having 12.5% of the internet vanish is silly.
We've swung too far away from resiliency as a society.
Privacy, obviously, because they can track everyone who makes a request to that and coordinate that across browsers and sites.
They say speed, but if you're using HTTP/2, it doesn't matter that much.
You could use your own CDN.
Security.
This points out that modern browsers have sub-resource integrity.
If you're using a CDN, put the hash in there.
That way, if something like this happens, it won't load the page.
The browsers are like, "No, it doesn't match. I'm not running this," which is good.
Unfortunately, this doesn't work for libraries that are split into multiple pieces, where one thing requires another type of deal as part of it.
What to do instead?
Just download it, is what they say.
What we do at Python Bytes is we just download it, but then we serve that content back over our own CDN at bunny.net.
It's not ours, but the one we use at bunny.net, which still gives it all the global reach.
But we control whether or not it changes other people, which is awesome.
Just to keep beating the drum, major ad networks are basically malware delivering.
Bunnels and don't feel bad about ad blockers.
Mac users served info-stealer malware through Google Ads, so why not?
Who wouldn't want that?
That's an article on ours, technically, you can check out.
That's my extra, extra, extra, extra, extra cure-all about it.
You got extras?
I do, but I've got a link that I can't show.
I want you to go to either in the notes or the private chat and click on that link.
We'll talk about it.
It's called, I will effing pile drive you if you mention AI again.
It's a funny reaction to all this ChatGPT stuff and AI and everything.
It's an interesting position.
This is somebody that was studying data science.
I think they're in college and they're doing grad school stuff now, doing a master's thesis.
But he's sick of a lot of the hype around AI.
It's just an interesting take on it.
It's so funny.
If you're tired of all the hype around AI and you'd like to read somebody else's perspective,
click the link in the show notes and it'll be an interesting read for you.
The reason why I'm not showing it is because I want to keep this child friendly and safe for the live feed.
Thanks, Brian.
We'll check it out.
That's my only extra.
Let's close this out with a joke.
Let's do that.
By the way, I have this AI fatigue as well.
Chat GPT is cool.
Llama 3 is cool.
But not everything needs to have AI in it.
Certainly, a lot of times software use has just easy to solve persistent bugs because the whole team is on an AI mission.
You're like, "I don't want any of this junk.
Could you just make it when I click this that it works?"
All right.
Off to the joke.
Over on Reddit, we have something called the HTML Hacker.
We just talked about the malware, right?
This is two sides of the picture.
Both people don't see either side, really.
This woman, she says, "My boyfriend is a programmer.
He'll hack your world into oblivion.
Meanwhile, the boyfriend on his computer, Google, how to declare variables in HTML."
Yeah.
Both things can be true at the same time.
He also could be a hacker and still not know how to declare variables in HTML.
You never know.
I don't know how to declare variables in HTML.
Can you declare variables in HTML?
No.
Okay.
But you can in modern CSS.
Well, okay.
One of the things I think is funny about this is because sometimes in the movies, you'll see somebody pouring through lines of code.
Then you look at it, and it's just like the view source of some webpage or something.
You're not hacking anything.
You're just looking at the webpage.
Guys, I found the source to this webpage.
I'm going in.
Yeah.
Wow.
And I've got the JavaScript next.
Oh, my gosh.
I can't believe they just published this.
Don't hide it.
Yeah.
So anyway, that's funny.
Anyway.
All right.
That's it.
Well, thanks a lot for a great episode.
Yeah.
As always, catch you later.
Bye, everyone.